#63: Document known issue with `NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK` (#64)
exasol/metabase-driver: doc/user_guide/user_guide.md

See issue [#20](https://github.com/exasol/metabase-driver/issues/20) for details and a workaround for avoiding this error message.

### Week Aggregation may Return Wrong Results

> When the Exasol database is configured to use a non-default value for parameter `NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK`, week aggregations may return wrong results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Exasol database assumes weeks to start on Sunday. When users set Exasol configuration parameter `NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK` to a value other than 7 then Metabase week aggregations (break-outs / group-by) may return wrong results.```

> You can check the current value by executing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the currently configured value by executing
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM EXA_PARAMETERS WHERE PARAMETER_NAME = 'NLS_FIRST_DAY_OF_WEEK';
```

> If this returns a value different from the default 7 (= Sunday), you can restore it by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this returns a value different from the default 7 (= Sunday), you can change configuration by running
```
